index.md, before:

---
title: ""
permalink: /
---

We're currently planning our second show: the 24 Hour Maths Game Show. It will take place from 7pm BST on Friday 28th October until 7pm BST on Saturday 29th October 2022, and will be a celebration of everything maths/games related, including mathematical game shows, game theory, maths games and anything else in the intersection of maths and games.

The entire event is run by volunteers, and we're looking for helpers and ideas for content. We've set up submission forms for [if you've got a good idea for something we could do as part of the show](https://forms.gle/6BCMEPxrHKUZZaEt6), or [would like to be otherwise involved in some capacity](https://forms.gle/Zi89Aa3hEAQcEbZM6).

To keep updated about this and other upcoming shows, sign up to our mailing list below or [follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/24hmaths).

The [first 24 Hour Maths show](magic.md) took place in October 2020, when a [group of maths presenters](team.md) got together some mathematicians, 
magicians and other cool people to put on a 24-hour long online YouTube mathematical magic show. Each half-hour had a 
different special guest sharing a mathematical magic trick of some kind, giving a total of 48 tricks for you to watch and 
puzzle over (and since it was Hallowe'en, we included some treats as well).
You can find a full list of guests, and links to their parts of the show [here](magic.md).

<div style="text-align: center" class="sender-form-field" data-sender-form-id="kyx9nvl2akal8dqdddu"></div>

Commit message:

Make time zone changer work

index.md, after:

---
title: ""
permalink: /
---

We're currently planning our second show: the 24 Hour Maths Game Show. It will take place from
{% include _bst_time.html timestamp="2022-10-28T19:00:00" format="{12 HOUR}{?:MINUTE}{am/pm} {TZ} on {WEEKDAY} {DATETH} {MONTHNAME} {YEAR}" %}
until 
{% include _bst_time.html timestamp="2022-10-29T19:00:00" format="{12 HOUR}{?:MINUTE}{am/pm} {TZ} on {WEEKDAY} {DATETH} {MONTHNAME} {YEAR}" %},
and will be a celebration of everything maths/games related, including mathematical game shows, game theory, maths games and anything else in the intersection of maths and games.

The entire event is run by volunteers, and we're looking for helpers and ideas for content. We've set up submission forms for [if you've got a good idea for something we could do as part of the show](https://forms.gle/6BCMEPxrHKUZZaEt6), or [would like to be otherwise involved in some capacity](https://forms.gle/Zi89Aa3hEAQcEbZM6).

To keep updated about this and other upcoming shows, sign up to our mailing list below or [follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/24hmaths).

The [first 24 Hour Maths show](magic.md) took place in October 2020, when a [group of maths presenters](team.md) got together some mathematicians, 
magicians and other cool people to put on a 24-hour long online YouTube mathematical magic show. Each half-hour had a 
different special guest sharing a mathematical magic trick of some kind, giving a total of 48 tricks for you to watch and 
puzzle over (and since it was Hallowe'en, we included some treats as well).
You can find a full list of guests, and links to their parts of the show [here](magic.md).

<div style="text-align: center" class="sender-form-field" data-sender-form-id="kyx9nvl2akal8dqdddu"></div>
